hello guys what's going on my name is
true trees and today I am playing some
Disney infinity 2.0 and I thought I
would do kind of like a free room
gameplay for you guys kind of show you
guys the Avengers city I think I don't
really know it things like in New York
City replicas I don't know sure these
like the spider-man replicas I don't
really know where is the Avengers City
New York let me know in the comment
section I don't know but um anyways I
thought I just give you guys kind of
like a like a rundown of everything in
the city and how cool it is is actually
really fun game I've had a lot of fun
with it I've been playing for a couple
days now and um actually more than a
couple days now holy cow time time goes
by I'm having fun but anyways I thought
I'd give you guys kind of like a quick
gameplay I'll be doing some random
shenanigans in the city look at the
skyline look at everything you know what
let's skydive let's guy dive oh no oh
thank goodness I oh man alright alright
alright
this hasn't fun here let's go here we go
and lt I love this maneuver oh I gotta
hold it I learned there we go yeah I
gotta keep pressing it I gotta hold l2
in order for me to like my new to fly
and like change my view and stuff like
that man this is awesome now this is
real oh can I fly up there and get this
thing what does this do oh it's good no
no no oh my gosh oh wow this didn't work
out too good for me excuse of health
quick and some houses like whoa oh here
we go okay is that a nova Cohen let's
get to know the coin there we are
alright sweetie alright now let's try
this again
alright I'm in the air and now it's why
that's good let's do this thing
here we are alright sweet sweet sweet
sweet so sweet all right and then we'll
go random Hill this is a hump getting
really low to the cars holy cow that I
heard I heard someone someone out here
sorry lady lady hey you're strong
I am strong I'm gonna show you how
strong I am look at this oh my gosh
lady has she she she was kind of sassy
to me that's all I'm saying
I'm supposed to be like a superhero but
I'm not feeling too good today folks
uh-huh let's see how far I can we are
going down it going on let's go go see
if I can catch a quick can I catch her I
think it's too late she might be already
down here oh my gosh she would have died
and disappeared and found the ground oh
gosh this is that kid we should go
everyone
I'm looking for a lady that fell anybody
see anything no all right all right all
right all right you know what
I've had it hmm all right dude I'm ready
I'm ready
I must go yup oh my gosh I was gonna
funny all right what was this thing over
here what is this over here
what is this there's a race shot egg
Lord comic targets those viewers info
let's earn points by breaking targets
let's do this thing
Hari with modern man and you're invited
I won't have to do oh man this is not
good
oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh she's
gonna let you shoot him what's the
fastest way to do this thing flying or
shoot you know this is this is not
looking good
get up get up get up dude get up get up
get up get up get up get up oh man this
is not good at all okay okay hey old man
they're everywhere they're everywhere
dude
they are everywhere this one else is fly
up here what do you guys do another the
roof yes nuts oh my god there's some
rain of you on the roof this is not good
I'm losing I'm lose I think I'm losing
oh this is I'm gonna fly up here get up
here get up here get up here here we go
I can actually fly up here with listen
killing 120 points all right I might
actually make it if I walk in flock all
right that makes sense then if I can fly
hang on
hold up listen let's try this again that
completely whiffed that was not good
okay can I aim yes I gotta aim up here
honey I gotta blow these things up there
we go alright alright gonna make it all
fake I'm not gonna make it as no way 20
points there's absolutely no way I can
make this a there's a button I can
freshman bomb and Oh what how did I no
no no but if I get up get up get up get
up there's just things to do man there's
things to do come on I got a blow this
thing up come on okay 20 seconds to go
oh yeah there's no way I'm gonna do this
thing alright that works that works come
on come on oh my gosh a hundred more a
hundred more come on a hundred more so I
going to do no no no no no no no no no I
did not do that wow that was really
unfortunate it's like a high school or
something fun with that good enough for
me
I suppose fireman I do I'm how are you
doing then
wanna see the view from up here this is
so mean I feel um so mean you know what
I feel like he's a guest let's take him
back to start the start our what the
hell are these times later than the
start our I was hoping and hoping that
we could uh oh no I accidentally dropped
you oh you fell down here somewhere
somewhere you're down here I think
you're gone
you vanquished in the middle is that you
did you survive the fall hahahaha this
guy's a hero he's a hero lady lady
lady's a hair oh oh whoops
hello lady how are you
no oh alright well I think I have my
phone here hope you guys enjoyed
watching is joy to get me to do some
more free roam let me know in the
comment section until next time have a
super-duper hero day stay true hey bring
it back
got the best bits long time Yomi shot go
and subscribe go